[EMI] And done.
Now to add celestial force.
Ah! It worked!
[EMI] If I did this right, it
should lead me to more shards.
Ready.
How are you doing?
Oh, y'know.
Huh?
So I guess this
isn't a date after all.
I brought you something.
[ASHIYA] Some simple
souvenirs from Choshi.
Enjoy.
Oh, yeah, got some
real treasures, I'll bet.
Aw, thanks so much.
[RIKA] Yup.
That's a very "Ashiya" gift.
So, tell me, what exactly
are you all here to buy?
--Uh.
I, for one, am
investing in a television.
I'm here for a TV, too!
I'd like to purchase
a mobile phone.
So we're all in dire
need of your expertise.
I can help out with the phone,
but I don't know enough about
TVs to give you real advice.
[ASHIYA] False.
You are a television owner,
which is more
than can be said for us.
I'm sure you bought
yours yourself, yes?
Yeah, my ol' twenty-sixer!
It's a little outdated now,
so I was actually thinking about
upgrading to something 4K.
Forgive the question,
but what might there be 4K of?
[RIKA]
For real?
Jeez, I don't know
if we're quite ready
for the electronics store.
Hmm...
Are you hungry? Let's eat!
What do you say
I give you the nitty-gritty
while we grab
some shopping fuel?
[MAOU] I've heard
of this Manmuru joint.
They serve udon in such a place?
[ASHIYA]
A hundred and ten yen?
[RIKA] That's for a
small with no toppings.
With a couple add-ons, it'll
only come out to about 300 yen.
Should be cheap enough to not
cut into your shopping funds.
A-Am I to guess you
come here often, Miss Suzuki?
Now and then. Broth
in Kanto is usually so thick,
but I find it to be light
and yummy here.
Plus, it's good for the wallet.
[RIKA]
Looking delicious as usual!
Let's eat!
[inhales sharply] My heavens!
Whoa, is something
wrong, Suzuno?
You're not a Manmuru fan?
[SUZUNO]
I-I'm perplexed.
How does something so
scrumptious cost so little?
It's firm, yet chewy
and easy to consume!
I proclaim this udon
the perfect food!
Well, I'm happy you
like it that much.
Anyway, let's talk tech!
What kind of TV you looking for?
I just want something that'll
play the shows.
That narrows it down.
Got a ballpark budget at least?
26,239!
[RIKA]
Why so specific?
Don't worry with that.
Tell me the truth, does our
budget sound feasible?
I tried to do
some research earlier,
but only found articles with
tips on buying plans and such.
The price of a television
remains an enigma to me.
I think we'll be
able to find one.
Hell yeah!
[SUZUNO]
My budget is 70 thousand yen.
I bet you can get a
super nice one with that much!
That is excellent to hear.
I know very little of
Japanese technology.
Anything past the
Showa era remains a mystery.
That's a throwback!
Wait, are you like, Emi?
Did you go to school
outside of the country?
You specified "Japanese" tech.
Oh! Correct.
We were missionaries.
So my parents and I lived
overseas for a while.
We never possessed luxuries.
Hence, technology
isn't my forte.
Interesting childhood, huh?
I'd be curious to hear more
about it if you don't mind.
Sure, give me just a moment.
I need another helping.
Wow! You must like this stuff!
She's rather
the udon connoisseur.
[RIKA]
So, he knows what she likes.
[MAN speakiing in Spanish]
Sir, I don't understand!
Something going down?
I'll be back in a sec.
Getting involved
might be a bad idea.
[MAOU speakng in Spanish]
[Speakng in Spanish]
[MAOU]
Excuse me, ma'am.
Could you get this
man a fork, please?
Okay! Sure!
Maou's a mystery to me.
He has the ambition
to learn a new language.
But not to graduate
from his part-timer status.
Sorry 'bout that.
Couldn't help
but go MgRonald's mode.
Oh. Let's get outta here.
It's getting crowded.
[MAN sighs]
Hello? Moron!
I spoke Spanish
because it's supposed to be a
popular language on this planet,
but nobody here knows it!
No! Mi español esta bien!
If you knew what country
the target was in,
why didn't you tell me to go in
using that country's language?
I was feeling good
because I thought
I finally got a hit yesterday,
but it just turned out
to be some normal,
yet incredibly
melodramatic girl.
I'm out. I've got
a lot of work to get done
if you haven't noticed.
Well, that's interesting.
I'm headed toward
the Meiji Shrine.
And that got me thinking,
maybe she disappeared to Japan
so that she could
check out what you were up to.
She's my mother?
[EMI]
Weird.
Guess she's not at the shrine.
[EMI]
A hospital. My mom is in there?
[RIHO] Pardon me,
but is that you, Yusa?
Huh? What the--?
Wait, Mrs. Sasaki?
I thought that was you.
Any chance you came
here to see her as well?
"To see her"? What?
[RIHO] If you have
a few minutes to spare,
I'd appreciate it
if you stopped by.
She's in here.
Let's do this thing!
All right.
Certainly no shortage
of options in this place!
New plan, you
gotta stick with Suzuno.
Why might that be?
Just think about it.
What did she say her budget was?
[ASHIYA] I believe she had the
gall to say 70 thousand yen.
[RIKA]
Bingo!
Both of you need to go
to the same salesperson.
Say you'd only be willing
to buy the two TVs together.
They'll look for stuff
in her price range, and...
Of course, I see!
We'll be sure to land
a bigger discount!
Thank you for your genius work!
I was wise to
invite you here today.
I dare say you might make
me a phone owner yet!
Oh, uh, I'm just glad
I was able to help!
--[ASHIYA] I'll report back!
--Okay, awesome, I'll be here!
[ASHIYA] Suzuno!
We shall combine finances!
[SUZUNO] Someone's lively.
What's gotten into you?
[MAOU] Hey. What ideas are
you puttin' in my pal's head?
[RIKA]
Uh...
Yo!
Ah! Hi, Maou.
Approximately how long have
you been standing there?
A lifetime or two.
So... Question...
What's up?
Ashiya. He's cool, right?
Are you in love with him?
[shrieks]
[MAOU] Augh! Chill out!
Emi will kill me if you explode!
[SUZUNO]
Why must I drink tea with you?
Just be friendly for once.
We gotta drink something to
celebrate our purchases.
Hey.
Your thoughts on those two?
You mean Alciel
and the good Rika?
She looks very nice
while he looks painfully dull.
Rika put much more effort
into her appearance.
You see it, too. She jumped
on his invite and got dolled up.
It's so obvious.
[SUZUNO]
Goodness, Maou.
Do you mean to imply...
...that Rika has
romantic feelings for Alciel?
Yeah. When I asked her about it,
she screamed and fell on the--
How did you phrase
the question, you menace?
Gimme a break, all I asked
was if she's in love with him!
[SUZUNO] Yet again,
you've proven yourself
an enemy of womankind
whose body lacks a
single empathetic bone!
She's nothing
like our good Chiho.
What is our next step?
Emilia and I could
rewrite her memories.
Huh?
[SUZUNO] Chiho is deeply
ingrained in our situation.
She knows who we are
yet remains by our side.
She has long readied
herself for dismay.
Rika is clueless.
She doesn't know who Alciel is.
Falling for him would
only lead her to ruin.
Jeez, the drama.
Their contact should stop here.
We can't allow
this to go any further.
It doesn't have
to be so tragic, y'know.
Satan has a plan.
[SUZUNO]
Go on.
We tell the truth!
In terms that she can
understand, we say,
"Hey, yo, check it, Rika, we're
demons from another world."
If that scares
her away from Ashiya,
you and Emi will
be relieved, yeah?
But if she still has feelings
for him after that?
I bet she'd be willing
to accept the consequences.
And if we're honest with her,
she won't have to suffer alone.
No! That's absurd.
Why would we involve
more humans from this world?
[MAOU] The second Emi
and I landed in Tokyo,
involving the people here
became inevitable.
Emi brought Rika into
our lives a long time ago.
She unintentionally
made a friend at work.
I can't say whether
that's good or bad.
Just know I'm not asking you
to tell her your secrets.
I'm asking you to be
a little more open-minded.
Uh!
And just a quick reminder, none
of us can operate as an island.
Everyone needs
shoulders to lean on.
[SUZUNO]
Remove your hand!
I'm open-minded, just more
careful than you and Emilia!
I can't tell.
So, do you and Maou consider
yourselves friends with Suzuno?
Well, we shouldn't,
in all honesty.
It's a complicated tale.
But I imagine the time will come
for us to relay it
to you soon enough.
For today, why don't you bring
home some pamphlets?
You already got the TV.
You can hold off on the phone
until next time, right?
That's true.
I suppose I'm in no huge rush.
Hey, if you want,
I'll come back with 'ya!
I'd love nothing more!
--[glass breaking]
--Huh?
What the hell happened here?
I was watching the TVs and
all the screens went white!
Then the LCDs shattered!
Ashiya, I think
this could get ugly.
Go ahead and take Rika home.
I vow to keep her safe.
My place is a complete wreck.
I'm not ready.
This is too fast!
Who could've done this?
Barbariccia?
I don't know. We should
get back to Urushihara.
Can you call Emi?
I'm gonna tell Chi
to steer clear for a little.
[phone rings]
Emilia?
[EMI]
Bel. It's Chiho!
I think she has some
kind of magic poisoning.
Whatever's going on,
she's gone totally comatose!
Thank you.
I'm glad you're all here.
Of course.
You know what happened to her?
[RIHO] I came home
around dinnertime last night.
Chiho was lying on
the living room sofa.
I figured she was
just taking a nap.
But for some reason,
she wouldn't wake up.
I called her name and shook her.
I even tried slapping her.
And when she didn't
pop up and yell at me,
I knew something was wrong.
And that's when I had
to call the ambulance.
Good thing is, she's stable.
But none of the
EMT's or the doctors
could say what's
going on with her.
Her life isn't in any danger.
She's here,
so they can run tests
and figure out
why she's in a coma.
[EMI] I was out letting myself
be guided by the shard's light.
And it brought me
to the hospital.
[ASHIYA]
But you have no way of knowing
what in this building it was
specifically guiding you toward?
[EMI]
Exactly.
It could be that someone
is hiding a piece of Yesod.
I'm not gonna sit here and
act like I totally understand
how it works. I mean--
[RIHO] Would you mind
helping me out a bit?
Yes, ma'am?
I'm afraid that I need
to step out for a minute.
I asked the nurse
to stay with Chiho.
But could you check on her, too?
Sure.
I've got it!
You got what?
I thought you were doodling.
Have you figured out
a way we can help Chi?
Though my math skills
are quite rusty,
I reached deep into my mind.
I've got it.
Well, spit it out.
In good Chiho's body,
I could clearly pick up
on residual magic.
You could sense
that too, couldn't you?
[EMI]
Mm.
I propose, the magic is
being generated in her body.
I gave her a bit of celestial
force to gauge her capacity
for reception of the stuff.
Based on that data and the
amount of magic in her body,
she should recover.
My force will quicken
the magic's neutralization.
Therefore, Chiho
should wake up soon.
Hold up!
Chi is just a normal human!
She can't generate magic.
[SUZUNO] Perhaps a celestial
force-based sonar pulse hit her.
And her life force was
transmuted into magical energy.
That's my current theory.
The purpose of said sonar
remains a mystery to me.
You say her life force
turned to magic?
Can such a thing happen?
Crap, Chi!
My liege!
The disarray of your hair
is characteristic of a
celestial sonar sweep.
It is a defense mechanism.
Your bodies are merely
resisting the force.
For real?
I wonder.
Who would be using such power?
We should split up.
Emi and I, we'll go to Chi.
You two search the hospital.
Look for anything
weird going on.
--[SUZUNO] Mm.
--Understood, Sire.
Who could be causing
all of this mess?
[URUSHIHARA]
The watcher.
[ASHIYA, SUZUNO]
Huh?
[ASHIYA]
It's about time you showed up!
Hop off, man.
I was dealing with
the winged wack job.
He paid me a visit today.
Who is this "winged wack job?"
You mean Gabriel?
What did he want?
[URUSHIHARA] I'll explain
when we meet up with Maou.
But, TLDR, it appears the
watcher has entered the fray.
On the news?
They're saying LCD's across the
greater Tokyo metropolitan area
have been exploding like crazy.
[ASHIYA]
It's that widespread?
The watcher's using
TV broadcasts
to put out his signal.
As for Chiho, guess
she got caught in the blast.
[MAOU]
That smarmy wack job is back?
Did he do this to Chi?
It would be way easier if ol'
Gabey was behind this, but no.
He isn't worried
about us anymore.
He's done with Yesod.
Apparently, he was
pulled off of the case
'cause he kept screwing up.
Now he's out looking for
"Demon King Satan's treasures."
Why would he be
fixated on that junk?
Do you know what they are?
[MAOU]
I mean, I have a few guesses.
But I can't come up
with anything Heaven
would be that desperate for.
[URUSHIHARA]
Yeah. I'm with Maou on this one.
Also, a new angel spawned in.
I bet he's here on
Gabriel's behalf.
He's called the Watcher.
The Watcher.
He who monitors the
actions of all other angels.
Raguel the Watcher,
am I correct?
Mm. It's not like this dude is
particularly high-ranking,
or anything like that.
But he is tough.
And he has some
special privileges.
He can declare final judgment.
[SUZUNO]
He evaluates the angels' actions
and punishes them
as he deems appropriate.
More often than not,
this involves Falls.
But, hold on a moment.
Even if Raguel
was here just now
and spread celestial
sonar via broadcast,
why was Chiho the
only one affected by it?
Remember a while back?
Her house was the
epicenter of that pulse.
Yeah, that's when Albert
was looking for me!
I guess that somehow made her
more physically vulnerable
to sonar than the other humans.
We've still yet to dive into
a larger part of this mystery.
What's he searching for?
The angels don't want the Devil.
And I doubt this is about the
shards of Yesod or Better Half.
I have a feeling
they're after Lailah.
My mother.
Huh?
Chiho?
[MAOU]
Mrs. Sasaki!
I, uh, I heard there
was some incident.
Chiho. Is she--?
[MAOU]
Don't worry, ma'am.
Same as you left her.
[RIHO]
Thank goodness.
[MAOU] Seems like things have
calmed down for the most part.
Well, uh,
I think we'll head out.
[EMI] What do Raguel's "final
judgments" typically consist of?
[URUSHIHARA] Usually, they'll
force the angel in question
to Fall, like I did.
Raguel and Sariel
worked as a pair.
They would banish angels.
Strip 'em of immortality--
And then what?
I need you to dial it back.
I fully realize that
I've never met her,
but this chick is my actual,
flesh and blood mother,
you know!
So... yeah!
She can't get hurt!
Not until I meet her and
hear what she has to say!
So... I need you to tell me
what happens next!
[URUSHIHARA]
Well, sometimes they get killed.
And is Sariel working
with this guy?
[MAOU]
I seriously doubt it.
He's way more concerned
with his one-sided love affair
than with Heaven.
[coughs] If he's not here
to collect his partner,
I have no clue
what he's planning.
But it must be big.
Raguel wouldn't
jump to another world
just to declare
a Fall for one angel.
Okay. If that's the truth,
then I say we put the screws
to this goody-two-shoes angel.
Sire, I don't understand.
Why would you bother to
meddle in the affairs of angels?
I don't give a damn
if these angels
are beating each other up.
But a candidate for future
general of my army
got caught in the crossfire.
So you can bet
your balls I'm meddling.
My liege.
I will stand at your side.
Assisting in the defense
of my future colleague?
It's an honor.
You guys! Please, listen.
We're doing this for Chi.
We can't let him get away
with making her suffer.
Will you help?
Yeah, sure, I'm not busy.
And I fully agree.
I owe Chiho a couple of favors.
Feel free to die
before you ever mention Chiho
being your general again.
But I'd be willing
to help you dorks
if it means keeping her safe.
And he might know about my mom.
For the sake of good Chiho,
I will choose to cooperate.
Please note that this will end
after our mission is completed.
[ALAS RAMUS]
Chi-mi?
Where did Chi-mi go?
Look who's awake!
Do you want to help
Mama protect Chiho, too?
Uh-huh, I wanna protec her!
Chi-mi's the bestest!
You ready to help us?
Yeah!
Where could Raguel be?
Any ideas?
Yeah, two.
Same here.
Must be on the same page.
Because he's using TV signals
to boost his sonar,
there are only
two places he could be.
[LAILAH]
Hello there, Miss Sasaki.
Thanks to your powerful friends,
you'll get to return home soon.
[LAILAH]
You, who unite forces
that by rights
should be opposing.
There's a chance
that one day you shall become
the mother of a new Daath.